
Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare

Taxation in the United Kingdom is managed by HM Revenue and Customs HMRC Individuals and businesses must file taxes annually 
The tax year runs from six April to five April the following year Income tax National Insurance VAT and corporation tax are 
some of the key taxes

How to file taxes in London Register with HMRC for self-assessment if self-employed Gather financial records including income 
expenses and deductions Use HMRC online system or authorized software to submit tax returns Pay any outstanding tax by 
thirty one January following the tax year

Current UK tax rates The personal allowance is twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds which is tax-free The basic rate 
twenty percent applies to income between twelve thousand five hundred seventy one and fifty thousand two hundred seventy pounds 
The higher rate forty percent applies from fifty thousand two hundred seventy one to one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds The additional rate forty five percent applies to income above one hundred twenty five thousand one 
hundred forty pounds

National Insurance rates Class one for employees is ten percent on earnings above twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds 
Class two and four for self-employed individuals include fixed rates and nine percent above a specific threshold

What is tax Tax is a mandatory financial charge imposed by the government on individuals and businesses to fund public services 
infrastructure healthcare and education

Do you qualify for tax exemptions Tax reliefs and exemptions depend on various factors The personal allowance means those 
earning under twelve thousand five hundred seventy pounds do not pay income tax Marriage allowance allows transferring part of 
the allowance to a spouse Pension contributions have tax relief up to certain limits Charitable donations under the Gift Aid 
scheme increase tax relief VAT exemptions apply to certain goods and services such as healthcare
